doc/configuration.md, before:

# Configuration

In order to set up connection between your Magento and Styla, please do the following:
* Login into your magento backend
* Navigate to "System -> Configuration" and open the section "Styla Connect"
* Please use the "Configuration Assistant" to connect your store with Styla. The assistant will automatically configure the required `RestApi` user and will take care of the authorization process: 
  * Start with clicking the orange "Click here if you need to re-connect your store to the Styla API" 
  * Enter the email and password provided by Styla Account Manager. If there are several magazines that you are going to use, make sure to select a correct store view from the drop-down list above to match the email and password as this will define which magazine is shown on which store view.
  ![Styla Connect Process](/doc/styla_connect_process.png)
  * Click the orange "Send Login Data to Styla" button top-right

## Connect Assistant

The assistant will use your Styla credentials to retrieve all the needed configuration data directly from Styla, it will also create the restApi User if needed.

## Configuration Values

Once the connect process is done you will be able to change the below values for each store view/magazine.

Styla plugin version [0.2.0.0](https://github.com/styladev/magentoStylaConnect/releases/tag/v0.2.0.0) introduced a possibility to set up several magazines for the same store view. That’s why Styla plugin settings are now separated into two Magento menus:

### System > Configuration > Styla Connect (for all magazines):

<table>
<tr>
<th>Name (pre-0.2.0.0)</th>
<th>Description</th>
<th>Default</th>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Use Relative Product Urls</td>
<td>Defines how product URLs for magazine front-end will be created:

<ul>
<li>yes - the product urls generated for the stories will be relative to store domain (ie: /product-name-SKU/)
</li>
<li>no - no - full urls will be generated (ie: http://www.yourdomain.com/product-name-SKU/)
</li>
</ul>

</td>
<td>no</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Manufacturer Attribute</td>
<td>Magento field that will be used to display manufacturer name</td>
<td>Manufacturer</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cache Lifetime</td>
<td>The seo data cache lifetime</td>
<td>3600</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Maximum Levels of Categories Loaded at Once</td>
<td>If you run a store with a category tree consisting of multiple levels, you may choose to limit the number of the branches loaded into styla backoffice editor at once, for performance reasons)</td>
<td>No limit - load all categories in a single API call</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Is Developer Mode (Mode)</td>
<td>The Styla Connect endpoint:

<ul>
<li>Production -&gt; Uses our live system

</li>
<li>Stage -&gt; Uses our dev system

</li>
</ul>

</td>
<td>Production</td>
</tr>

</table>


### CMS > Styla Magazines (for each magazine separately, set up new magazines there):

<table>
<tr>
<th>Name (pre-0.2.0.0)</th>
<th>Description</th>
<th>Default</th>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Store name</td>
<td>Defines on which store view will your magazine be displayed</td>
<td>default store in your Magento</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Active (Enabled)</td>
<td>Allows to enable or disable the magazine</td>
<td>enabled</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Client Name*</td>
<td>Name of the styla client (this could be different from the username)</td>
<td></td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Front Name (Magazine frontend “Url”)</td>
<td>The part of the URL after your store view part where the magazine is available</td>
<td>/magazin</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Use Magento Layout</td>
<td>Showing the current magento theme around the magazine:

<ul>
<li>yes - the Styla magazine page will be wrapped within a normal Magento header and
footer

</li>
<li>no - only the magazine content will be visible

</li>
</ul>

</td>
<td>yes</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Include in navigation (Add Magazine Link to Navigation)</td>
<td>Turn to "No" if you don't want the magazine link to be available in the menu (good for testing the magazine before disclosing to your audience)</td>
<td>Yes</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Navigation label (Label for the Magazine Menu Link)</td>
<td>Enter any name your audience see on the menu linking to the magazine</td>
<td>Magazine</td>
</tr>

</table>

/* - Please do not modify these values. This configuration will be automatically set during the “Styla Connect” process from the previous step.

For Styla plugin version [0.1.1.12](https://github.com/styladev/magentoStylaConnect/releases/tag/v0.1.1.12) and earlier all the settings above are available in **System > Configuration > Styla Connect**  as there is only one magazine available per store view. 


## StylaApiAdminUser and StylaApi2Role - please don't modify

During the connect process a new 'StylaApiAdminUser' user with a 'StylaApi2Role' will be created. You can see it in System/Permissions/Users:

![Styla User](/doc/styla_user.png)

Please don't modify these user's and role's permissions. It needs the following permissions to propagate product data via Magento REST API:

![Styla Role](/doc/styla_role.png)

Commit message:

client-scripts.styla.com
Added description to switch the developer mode ON and switch the source to the new service to be able to use NLE.

doc/configuration.md, after:

# Configuration

In order to set up connection between your Magento and Styla, please do the following:
* Login into your magento backend
* Navigate to "System -> Configuration" and open the section "Styla Connect"
* Please use the "Configuration Assistant" to connect your store with Styla. The assistant will automatically configure the required `RestApi` user and will take care of the authorization process: 
  * Start with clicking the orange "Click here if you need to re-connect your store to the Styla API" 
  * Enter the email and password provided by Styla Account Manager. If there are several magazines that you are going to use, make sure to select a correct store view from the drop-down list above to match the email and password as this will define which magazine is shown on which store view.
  ![Styla Connect Process](/doc/styla_connect_process.png)
  * Click the orange "Send Login Data to Styla" button top-right

## Connect Assistant

The assistant will use your Styla credentials to retrieve all the needed configuration data directly from Styla, it will also create the restApi User if needed.

## Configuration Values

Once the connect process is done you will be able to change the below values for each store view/magazine.

Styla plugin version [0.2.0.0](https://github.com/styladev/magentoStylaConnect/releases/tag/v0.2.0.0) introduced a possibility to set up several magazines for the same store view. That’s why Styla plugin settings are now separated into two Magento menus:

### System > Configuration > Styla Connect (for all magazines):

<table>
<tr>
<th>Name (pre-0.2.0.0)</th>
<th>Description</th>
<th>Default</th>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Use Relative Product Urls</td>
<td>Defines how product URLs for magazine front-end will be created:

<ul>
<li>yes - the product urls generated for the stories will be relative to store domain (ie: /product-name-SKU/)
</li>
<li>no - no - full urls will be generated (ie: http://www.yourdomain.com/product-name-SKU/)
</li>
</ul>

</td>
<td>no</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Manufacturer Attribute</td>
<td>Magento field that will be used to display manufacturer name</td>
<td>Manufacturer</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cache Lifetime</td>
<td>The seo data cache lifetime</td>
<td>3600</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Maximum Levels of Categories Loaded at Once</td>
<td>If you run a store with a category tree consisting of multiple levels, you may choose to limit the number of the branches loaded into styla backoffice editor at once, for performance reasons)</td>
<td>No limit - load all categories in a single API call</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Is Developer Mode (Mode)</td>
<td>The Styla Connect endpoint:

<ul>
<li>Production -&gt; Uses our live system

</li>
<li>Stage -&gt; Uses our dev system

</li>
</ul>

</td>
<td>Production</td>
</tr>

</table>

Please switch the Developer Mode **ON**, then update the settings to the following ones:  
 `https://client-scripts.styla.com`   
 `http://seoapi.styla.com`   
 `https://client-scripts.styla.com`   
as shown on this screen shot:
![Styla New JS source](/doc/styla-plugin-client-scripts.png)  
Then switch the Developer Mode dropdown to **OFF again** and click the **Save Config** button top-right. 

### CMS > Styla Magazines (for each magazine separately, set up new magazines there):

<table>
<tr>
<th>Name (pre-0.2.0.0)</th>
<th>Description</th>
<th>Default</th>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Store name</td>
<td>Defines on which store view will your magazine be displayed</td>
<td>default store in your Magento</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Active (Enabled)</td>
<td>Allows to enable or disable the magazine</td>
<td>enabled</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Client Name*</td>
<td>Name of the styla client (this could be different from the username)</td>
<td></td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Front Name (Magazine frontend “Url”)</td>
<td>The part of the URL after your store view part where the magazine is available</td>
<td>/magazin</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Use Magento Layout</td>
<td>Showing the current magento theme around the magazine:

<ul>
<li>yes - the Styla magazine page will be wrapped within a normal Magento header and
footer

</li>
<li>no - only the magazine content will be visible

</li>
</ul>

</td>
<td>yes</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Include in navigation (Add Magazine Link to Navigation)</td>
<td>Turn to "No" if you don't want the magazine link to be available in the menu (good for testing the magazine before disclosing to your audience)</td>
<td>Yes</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Navigation label (Label for the Magazine Menu Link)</td>
<td>Enter any name your audience see on the menu linking to the magazine</td>
<td>Magazine</td>
</tr>

</table>

/* - Please do not modify these values. This configuration will be automatically set during the “Styla Connect” process from the previous step.

For Styla plugin version [0.1.1.12](https://github.com/styladev/magentoStylaConnect/releases/tag/v0.1.1.12) and earlier all the settings above are available in **System > Configuration > Styla Connect**  as there is only one magazine available per store view. 


## StylaApiAdminUser and StylaApi2Role - please don't modify

During the connect process a new 'StylaApiAdminUser' user with a 'StylaApi2Role' will be created. You can see it in System/Permissions/Users:

![Styla User](/doc/styla_user.png)

Please don't modify these user's and role's permissions. It needs the following permissions to propagate product data via Magento REST API:

![Styla Role](/doc/styla_role.png)
